I have completed the requested task. Here is a summary of my actions and findings:

Actions Performed:
Connected Repository: I navigated to the CodeSentinel platform and successfully connected the repository security-test-repo from the GitHub account projectalpha0079-ai. I used the "Only select repositories" option during the GitHub App installation to target the specific test repo.
Triggered Scan: Once connected, I went to the repository details page and clicked "Trigger Scan".
Monitored Status: I monitored the scan's progress on the "Scans" page for several minutes.
Captured Evidence: I captured screenshots showing the scan stuck in the "Queued" state.


Findings:
Queue Issue Confirmed: The scan remains in the "Queued" status indefinitely. It has been in this state for over 6 minutes during my observation.
Agent Status: All 5 agents in the pipeline (Static Analysis, Dependency Intelligence, Business Logic Review, Auto-Fix Agent, and Compliance Enforcement) are showing as "waiting".
Risk Score Calculation: The Risk Score section shows "Calculating..." but indicates 0 files analyzed, suggesting the worker has not even started the processing phase.
Backend Errors: Browser console logs show several errors related to the backend URL (https://codesentinal-ty40.onrender.com/):
Failed to load resource: the server responded with a status of 401 (Unauthorized) for /api/v1/auth/me.
Failed to load resource: the server responded with a status of 404 for /docs and /favicon.ico.
Conclusion: The frontend is functional and correctly triggers the scan entry in the database, but the workers/agents are not picking up or processing the tasks from the queue. This aligns with your suspicion of a worker-side issue.
I have left the tabs open as requested. You can see the current state on the https://code-sentinal-chi.vercel.app/app/scans page.










Tasks
 Connect repository security-test-repo from GitHub account projectalpha0079-ai to CodeSentinel.
 Trigger a scan for the connected repository.
 Monitor scan status and verify if it stays in 'Queued' or moves to 'Running/Success'.
 Capture screenshots of the scan status.
 Report any issues observed in the queue/worker.


Notes
Repository: security-test-repo
Account: projectalpha0079-ai
CodeSentinel URL: https://code-sentinal-chi.vercel.app/


Findings
Repository security-test-repo successfully connected via GitHub App.
Manual scan triggered at 7:28 PM.
Scan status remains 'Queued' for over 3 minutes with all 5 agents in 'waiting' state.
Risk Score shows 'Calculating...' but progress is 0 files analyzed.
Console logs show some 401/404 errors for the backend URL (onrender.com).
Frontend seems to be functioning, but workers/backend processing is likely failing or not picking up tasks.










I have completed the health check for the CodeSentinel backend on Render. Here are the findings:

Health Check Endpoint (/health):

Status: healthy
Version: 1.0.0
Database: connected (Healthy)
GitHub App: true (Connected)
Redis: Not present in the JSON response.
Full Response: {"status":"healthy","version":"1.0.0","environment":"production","database":"connected","github_app":true}
Root Endpoint (/):

Name: CodeSentinel
Version: 1.0.0
Docs: disabled in production
Full Response: {"name":"CodeSentinel","version":"1.0.0","docs":"disabled in production"}
I have maintained all existing tabs (the Vercel app and the GitHub repository) and performed these checks in a separate tab. The backend appears to be running and connected to the database, but Redis is not mentioned in the health check output.




CodeSentinel Health Check Task
Plan
 Go to https://codesentinal-ty40.onrender.com/health and view JSON response.
 Check if 'database' and 'redis' are healthy.
 Go to https://codesentinal-ty40.onrender.com/ (root) to see version and name.
 Do NOT close existing tabs (Vercel app and GitHub).
 Document findings.

Discoveries
Health Check (/health):
Status: healthy
Version: 1.0.0
Database: connected (Healthy)
Redis: Not present in the response
Github App: true
Root (/):
Name: CodeSentinel
Version: 1.0.0
Docs: disabled in production